Life System/daily/2025-11-15 Daily Routine.md, before:

---
date: 2025-11-15
day_of_week: Saturday
type: daily-routine
tags:
  - daily
  - routine
  - life-system
completion: 0%
---

# Daily Routine - 2025-11-15

> **How to use this template:** Duplicate this file daily and rename it to today's date (e.g., "2025-11-14 Daily Routine"). Check off items throughout the day.

## ⚡ Today's 3-3-3 Rule

**Before anything else, commit to these 9 non-negotiables:**

### 3 Deep Work Hours
- [ ] 2.5 hours technical/product work (morning block)
- [ ] 30 mins strategic writing (evening)

### 3 English Practice
- [ ] 1 recording (speaking practice)
- [ ] 1 writing (blog/post/doc)
- [ ] 1 conversation (meeting/lunch/online)

### 3 Learning Inputs
- [ ] 1 podcast episode
- [ ] 1 article/video
- [ ] 1 course lesson

---

## 🎯 Today's 3 Main Goals

1. ________________________________
2. ________________________________
3. ________________________________

---

## 🌅 MORNING ROUTINE (5:30 AM - 9:00 AM)

### 5:30-6:00 AM - Energy Setup

- [ ] Wake up at 5:30 AM (non-negotiable)
- [ ] 20-min exercise (run/gym/yoga)
- [ ] Breakfast + shower
- [ ] Review today's 3 main goals

**Morning Energy Check:** ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ (rate 1-5)

### 6:00-6:30 AM - English Input

- [ ] Listen to 1 podcast episode at 1.25x speed while getting ready
  - **Today's choice:** ________________________________

**Podcast Topic (Mon/Wed/Fri):**
- Lenny's Podcast
- Syntax.fm

**Podcast Topic (Tue/Thu):**
- Staff Eng Stories
- A16Z

**Podcast Topic (Sat/Sun):**
- Any of the above or personal interest podcast

- [ ] Note down 3 new phrases/words you heard:
  1. ________________________________
  2. ________________________________
  3. ________________________________

### 6:30-9:00 AM - Deep Technical Work

**Today's Focus Area (check one):**

- [ ] **Monday**: System design practice (1 pattern)
- [ ] **Tuesday**: Code architecture/refactoring
- [ ] **Wednesday**: Write technical RFC or design doc
- [ ] **Thursday**: Mentor someone via detailed code review
- [ ] **Friday**: Open source contribution or side project coding
- [ ] **Saturday/Sunday**: Side project deep dive or open source contribution

**Pre-Work Planning:**
- [ ] Write down your approach in English BEFORE coding

**What I'm working on today:**
________________________________
________________________________
________________________________

**My approach/strategy:**
________________________________
________________________________
________________________________

- [ ] Complete 1 deep work session (2.5 hours, no Slack/email)

**What I accomplished:**
________________________________
________________________________

---

## 🗣️ MID-MORNING (9:00 AM - 10:00 AM)

### 9:00-9:30 AM - Speaking Practice

- [ ] Record yourself explaining yesterday's work (3-5 mins)

**Recording Topic (Mon/Wed/Fri):** Technical concept
**Recording Topic (Tue/Thu):** Product feature/decision
**Recording Topic (Sat/Sun):** Week review or side project progress

**What I explained:**
________________________________

- [ ] Listen back, note filler words ("um", "like", "basically")

**Filler words I used:**
________________________________

- [ ] Re-record ONE time to improve

**File saved as:** ________________________________

### 9:30-10:00 AM - Learning Input

- [ ] Read 1 article or watch 1 video

**Today's Learning Focus:**

- [ ] **Monday**: System design article (ByteByteGo, Martin Fowler)
- [ ] **Tuesday**: Product case study (Lenny's Newsletter, Stratechery)
- [ ] **Wednesday**: AI/ML engineering article
- [ ] **Thursday**: Product management framework
- [ ] **Friday**: Leadership/communication article
- [ ] **Saturday/Sunday**: Personal interest topic or deep dive into a new area

**Article/Video Title:**
________________________________

**Link:**
________________________________

- [ ] Write 3-sentence summary in your own words:

1. ________________________________
2. ________________________________
3. ________________________________

---

## 💼 LATE MORNING (10:00 AM - 12:00 PM)

### 10:00-12:00 PM - Product Work

**Check ONE box daily:**

- [ ] **Monday**: Analyze 1 key metric + write insight (dashboard review)
- [ ] **Tuesday**: Do 1 user interview or review user feedback
- [ ] **Wednesday**: Write product spec or PRD for 1 feature
- [ ] **Thursday**: Competitive analysis (1 competitor product teardown)
- [ ] **Friday**: Product strategy doc or roadmap planning
- [ ] **Saturday/Sunday**: Side project product thinking or user research

**Task:** ________________________________

- [ ] Document findings in English (150-200 words minimum)

**My findings:**
________________________________
________________________________
________________________________
________________________________
________________________________
________________________________

---

## 🍽️ MIDDAY (12:00 PM - 1:00 PM)

### Lunch + Social

- [ ] Have lunch with someone (practice English conversation)
- [ ] OR: Join 1 online community discussion (Discord/Slack)

**Who I talked to:**
________________________________

- [ ] Ask them 1 question about their work (active listening practice)

**What I learned from them:**
________________________________
________________________________

---

## 💻 AFTERNOON (1:00 PM - 5:00 PM)

### 1:00-4:00 PM - Execution Block

- [ ] Attend team meetings (standup, planning, etc.)
- [ ] Ship code or unblock team members
- [ ] Write clear PR descriptions in English
- [ ] Do 2-3 code reviews with detailed explanations
- [ ] Before ANY meeting: Write 3 bullet points of what you'll say

**Meetings attended:**
1. ________________________________
2. ________________________________

**Code/PRs shipped:**
1. ________________________________
2. ________________________________

**Code reviews completed:**
1. PR: ________________________________
2. PR: ________________________________
3. PR: ________________________________

### 4:00-5:00 PM - Strategic Work

**Pick ONE:**

- [ ] Write blog post draft (200-300 words)
- [ ] Update side project documentation
- [ ] Write LinkedIn post about something you learned
- [ ] Draft technical vision document
- [ ] Product strategy memo

**What I worked on:**
________________________________

**Progress made:**
________________________________
________________________________

---

## 📚 EVENING (5:00 PM - 7:00 PM)

### 5:00-6:00 PM - Structured Learning

- [ ] Take 1 online course lesson

**Course I'm taking:**

- [ ] System Design: Gaurav Sen videos or ByteByteGo
- [ ] Product Management: Reforge, Product School
- [ ] AI/ML: Fast.ai or Deeplearning.ai

**Lesson title:**
________________________________

- [ ] Take notes in English (summarize in your own words)

**Key takeaways:**
1. ________________________________
2. ________________________________
3. ________________________________

### 6:00-7:00 PM - Dinner + Break

- [ ] Relax, recharge

**Mood check:** ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ (rate 1-5)

---

## 🌙 NIGHT (7:00 PM - 10:00 PM)

### 7:00-9:00 PM - Side Project (3-4 days/week)

- [ ] Work on your AI video side project

**Today's side project work:**
________________________________
________________________________

- [ ] Document what you built today (write README updates)

**Documentation updated:**
________________________________

- [ ] Post progress update (Twitter/LinkedIn/Discord)

**Posted to:** ________________________________

**Goal:** Aim to ship something small every week

### 9:00-9:30 PM - Writing Practice

**Pick ONE daily:**

- [ ] **Monday**: Publish blog post (even if draft)
- [ ] **Tuesday**: Write product teardown (200 words)
- [ ] **Wednesday**: Write technical explainer (300 words)
- [ ] **Thursday**: Update your portfolio/LinkedIn
- [ ] **Friday**: Write weekly reflection (what you learned)
- [ ] **Saturday/Sunday**: Write weekly reflection or side project documentation

**What I wrote:**
________________________________

**Word count:** ________

**Published/saved:** ________________________________

### 9:30-10:00 PM - Review & Prep

- [ ] Read 1 technical article (Medium, dev.to, Substack)

**Article:** ________________________________

- [ ] Write tomorrow's 3 main goals:

1. ________________________________
2. ________________________________
3. ________________________________

- [ ] Review today: What went well? What to improve?

**What went well:**
________________________________
________________________________

**What to improve:**
________________________________
________________________________

- [ ] Set out workout clothes for tomorrow

**10:00 PM - Sleep (non-negotiable!)**

- [ ] In bed by 10 PM

---

## 📊 Daily Metrics

### Time Tracking
- **Deep work hours:** _____ / 3 hours
- **Learning time:** _____ hours
- **English practice:** _____ / 3 activities
- **Side project:** _____ hours

### Quality Metrics
- **3-3-3 Rule completion:** _____ / 9 items
- **Main goals achieved:** _____ / 3
- **Energy level:** ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ (rate 1-5)
- **Focus quality:** ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ (rate 1-5)

### Habits
- [ ] Woke at 5:30 AM
- [ ] Exercised (20 min)
- [ ] No phone during deep work
- [ ] In bed by 10 PM

---

## 💭 Daily Reflection

### One sentence summary of today:
________________________________

### Best moment of the day:
________________________________

### One thing I learned:
________________________________

### One thing I'm grateful for:
________________________________

### Tomorrow's focus:
________________________________

---

## 📎 Links & References

- Related: [[Weekly Review Template]]
- Career Goals: [[🎯 Career Goals]]
- System: [[🏠 START HERE - Life System]]
- Learning: [[📚 Learning Resources]]

---

**Completion:** Update the YAML frontmatter with today's completion % (items checked / total items)

**End of day checklist:**
- [ ] All checkboxes reviewed
- [ ] Reflections completed
- [ ] Tomorrow's goals set
- [ ] Ready for bed by 10 PM

🌟 **Remember:** Progress, not perfection. If you completed the 3-3-3 Rule, today was a success!

Commit message:

feat: update daily routine for November 15, 2025, with specific goals including unblocking nacho and completing the media validator audio.

Life System/daily/2025-11-15 Daily Routine.md, after:

---
date: 2025-11-15
day_of_week: Saturday
type: daily-routine
tags:
  - daily
  - routine
  - life-system
completion: 0%
---

# Daily Routine - 2025-11-15

> **How to use this template:** Duplicate this file daily and rename it to today's date (e.g., "2025-11-14 Daily Routine"). Check off items throughout the day.

## ⚡ Today's 3-3-3 Rule

**Before anything else, commit to these 9 non-negotiables:**

### 3 Deep Work Hours
- [ ] 2.5 hours technical/product work (morning block)
- [ ] 30 mins strategic writing (evening)

### 3 English Practice
- [ ] 1 recording (speaking practice)
- [ ] 1 writing (blog/post/doc)
- [ ] 1 conversation (meeting/lunch/online)

### 3 Learning Inputs
- [ ] 1 podcast episode
- [ ] 1 article/video
- [ ] 1 course lesson

---

## 🎯 Today's 3 Main Goals

1. Unblocking nacho with the stuff that we will use media-bunny with lambda fallback
2. complete the media validator audio
3. 

---

## 🌅 MORNING ROUTINE (5:30 AM - 9:00 AM)

### 5:30-6:00 AM - Energy Setup

- [ ] Wake up at 5:30 AM (non-negotiable)
- [ ] 20-min exercise (run/gym/yoga)
- [ ] Breakfast + shower
- [ ] Review today's 3 main goals

**Morning Energy Check:** ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ (rate 1-5)

### 6:00-6:30 AM - English Input

- [ ] Listen to 1 podcast episode at 1.25x speed while getting ready
  - **Today's choice:** ________________________________

**Podcast Topic (Mon/Wed/Fri):**
- Lenny's Podcast
- Syntax.fm

**Podcast Topic (Tue/Thu):**
- Staff Eng Stories
- A16Z

**Podcast Topic (Sat/Sun):**
- Any of the above or personal interest podcast

- [ ] Note down 3 new phrases/words you heard:
  1. ________________________________
  2. ________________________________
  3. ________________________________

### 6:30-9:00 AM - Deep Technical Work

**Today's Focus Area (check one):**

- [ ] **Monday**: System design practice (1 pattern)
- [ ] **Tuesday**: Code architecture/refactoring
- [ ] **Wednesday**: Write technical RFC or design doc
- [ ] **Thursday**: Mentor someone via detailed code review
- [ ] **Friday**: Open source contribution or side project coding
- [ ] **Saturday/Sunday**: Side project deep dive or open source contribution

**Pre-Work Planning:**
- [ ] Write down your approach in English BEFORE coding

**What I'm working on today:**
________________________________
________________________________
________________________________

**My approach/strategy:**
________________________________
________________________________
________________________________

- [ ] Complete 1 deep work session (2.5 hours, no Slack/email)

**What I accomplished:**
________________________________
________________________________

---

## 🗣️ MID-MORNING (9:00 AM - 10:00 AM)

### 9:00-9:30 AM - Speaking Practice

- [ ] Record yourself explaining yesterday's work (3-5 mins)

**Recording Topic (Mon/Wed/Fri):** Technical concept
**Recording Topic (Tue/Thu):** Product feature/decision
**Recording Topic (Sat/Sun):** Week review or side project progress

**What I explained:**
________________________________

- [ ] Listen back, note filler words ("um", "like", "basically")

**Filler words I used:**
________________________________

- [ ] Re-record ONE time to improve

**File saved as:** ________________________________

### 9:30-10:00 AM - Learning Input

- [ ] Read 1 article or watch 1 video

**Today's Learning Focus:**

- [ ] **Monday**: System design article (ByteByteGo, Martin Fowler)
- [ ] **Tuesday**: Product case study (Lenny's Newsletter, Stratechery)
- [ ] **Wednesday**: AI/ML engineering article
- [ ] **Thursday**: Product management framework
- [ ] **Friday**: Leadership/communication article
- [ ] **Saturday/Sunday**: Personal interest topic or deep dive into a new area

**Article/Video Title:**
________________________________

**Link:**
________________________________

- [ ] Write 3-sentence summary in your own words:

1. ________________________________
2. ________________________________
3. ________________________________

---

## 💼 LATE MORNING (10:00 AM - 12:00 PM)

### 10:00-12:00 PM - Product Work

**Check ONE box daily:**

- [ ] **Monday**: Analyze 1 key metric + write insight (dashboard review)
- [ ] **Tuesday**: Do 1 user interview or review user feedback
- [ ] **Wednesday**: Write product spec or PRD for 1 feature
- [ ] **Thursday**: Competitive analysis (1 competitor product teardown)
- [ ] **Friday**: Product strategy doc or roadmap planning
- [ ] **Saturday/Sunday**: Side project product thinking or user research

**Task:** ________________________________

- [ ] Document findings in English (150-200 words minimum)

**My findings:**
________________________________
________________________________
________________________________
________________________________
________________________________
________________________________

---

## 🍽️ MIDDAY (12:00 PM - 1:00 PM)

### Lunch + Social

- [ ] Have lunch with someone (practice English conversation)
- [ ] OR: Join 1 online community discussion (Discord/Slack)

**Who I talked to:**
________________________________

- [ ] Ask them 1 question about their work (active listening practice)

**What I learned from them:**
________________________________
________________________________

---

## 💻 AFTERNOON (1:00 PM - 5:00 PM)

### 1:00-4:00 PM - Execution Block

- [ ] Attend team meetings (standup, planning, etc.)
- [ ] Ship code or unblock team members
- [ ] Write clear PR descriptions in English
- [ ] Do 2-3 code reviews with detailed explanations
- [ ] Before ANY meeting: Write 3 bullet points of what you'll say

**Meetings attended:**
1. ________________________________
2. ________________________________

**Code/PRs shipped:**
1. ________________________________
2. ________________________________

**Code reviews completed:**
1. PR: ________________________________
2. PR: ________________________________
3. PR: ________________________________

### 4:00-5:00 PM - Strategic Work

**Pick ONE:**

- [ ] Write blog post draft (200-300 words)
- [ ] Update side project documentation
- [ ] Write LinkedIn post about something you learned
- [ ] Draft technical vision document
- [ ] Product strategy memo

**What I worked on:**
________________________________

**Progress made:**
________________________________
________________________________

---

## 📚 EVENING (5:00 PM - 7:00 PM)

### 5:00-6:00 PM - Structured Learning

- [ ] Take 1 online course lesson

**Course I'm taking:**

- [ ] System Design: Gaurav Sen videos or ByteByteGo
- [ ] Product Management: Reforge, Product School
- [ ] AI/ML: Fast.ai or Deeplearning.ai

**Lesson title:**
________________________________

- [ ] Take notes in English (summarize in your own words)

**Key takeaways:**
1. ________________________________
2. ________________________________
3. ________________________________

### 6:00-7:00 PM - Dinner + Break

- [ ] Relax, recharge

**Mood check:** ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ (rate 1-5)

---

## 🌙 NIGHT (7:00 PM - 10:00 PM)

### 7:00-9:00 PM - Side Project (3-4 days/week)

- [ ] Work on your AI video side project

**Today's side project work:**
________________________________
________________________________

- [ ] Document what you built today (write README updates)

**Documentation updated:**
________________________________

- [ ] Post progress update (Twitter/LinkedIn/Discord)

**Posted to:** ________________________________

**Goal:** Aim to ship something small every week

### 9:00-9:30 PM - Writing Practice

**Pick ONE daily:**

- [ ] **Monday**: Publish blog post (even if draft)
- [ ] **Tuesday**: Write product teardown (200 words)
- [ ] **Wednesday**: Write technical explainer (300 words)
- [ ] **Thursday**: Update your portfolio/LinkedIn
- [ ] **Friday**: Write weekly reflection (what you learned)
- [ ] **Saturday/Sunday**: Write weekly reflection or side project documentation

**What I wrote:**
________________________________

**Word count:** ________

**Published/saved:** ________________________________

### 9:30-10:00 PM - Review & Prep

- [ ] Read 1 technical article (Medium, dev.to, Substack)

**Article:** ________________________________

- [ ] Write tomorrow's 3 main goals:

1. ________________________________
2. ________________________________
3. ________________________________

- [ ] Review today: What went well? What to improve?

**What went well:**
________________________________
________________________________

**What to improve:**
________________________________
________________________________

- [ ] Set out workout clothes for tomorrow

**10:00 PM - Sleep (non-negotiable!)**

- [ ] In bed by 10 PM

---

## 📊 Daily Metrics

### Time Tracking
- **Deep work hours:** _____ / 3 hours
- **Learning time:** _____ hours
- **English practice:** _____ / 3 activities
- **Side project:** _____ hours

### Quality Metrics
- **3-3-3 Rule completion:** _____ / 9 items
- **Main goals achieved:** _____ / 3
- **Energy level:** ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ (rate 1-5)
- **Focus quality:** ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ (rate 1-5)

### Habits
- [ ] Woke at 5:30 AM
- [ ] Exercised (20 min)
- [ ] No phone during deep work
- [ ] In bed by 10 PM

---

## 💭 Daily Reflection

### One sentence summary of today:
________________________________

### Best moment of the day:
________________________________

### One thing I learned:
________________________________

### One thing I'm grateful for:
________________________________

### Tomorrow's focus:
________________________________

---

## 📎 Links & References

- Related: [[Weekly Review Template]]
- Career Goals: [[🎯 Career Goals]]
- System: [[🏠 START HERE - Life System]]
- Learning: [[📚 Learning Resources]]

---

**Completion:** Update the YAML frontmatter with today's completion % (items checked / total items)

**End of day checklist:**
- [ ] All checkboxes reviewed
- [ ] Reflections completed
- [ ] Tomorrow's goals set
- [ ] Ready for bed by 10 PM

🌟 **Remember:** Progress, not perfection. If you completed the 3-3-3 Rule, today was a success!
